 
 
 
1 New York Plaza, New York, NY 10004 | www.apress.com   Page 1 of 8 
 
 
THIS AGREEMENT is made as of December 5, 2025, between Apress Media, LLC (“We” or “Us”), located at 
One New York Plaza, Suite 4600, New York, NY 10004 and Zhiping XU residing at Room 609, Yifu Building, 
Handan Campus, Fudan University, Shanghai, 200433, China concerning a literary work tentatively titled “The 
Handbook of Sora 2 Prompting” (the “Work”). The Work is tentatively described in Appendix A. The parties 
agree:  
1. GRANT OF RIGHTS AND TERM OF THIS AGREEMENT. You grant, convey, and transfer to Us the exclusive right 
and license to publish, distribute, promote, advertise, sell and otherwise commercially exploit the Work in whole or 
in part, in print, electronic, or any other form or medium, now known or hereaft er developed, in all languages 
throughout the world, including all subsidiary rights for the duration of copyright in the Work, as well as the right to 
sublicense any of the granted rights.  The duration of the copyright in the Work shall be the term of th is Agreement 
unless it is terminated sooner as the Agreement provides. “Electronic form” shall include photographic, audio, video, 
digital, laser, magnetic, or any other form, and for any medium now known or hereafter developed.  You agree to 
inform Us upon the signing of this Agreement of any licenses or other rights granted to third parties of Your version 
of the Work. 
You may publish excerpts from the Work, or articles based on the Work, providing such excerpts or articles contain 
appropriate references to the Work and no individual excerpt is more than 10% of the total Work , and provided that 
such excerpts are not commercially sold. We must agree in writing to the publication of excerpts of greater than 10% 
of the Work.  
You have a non -exclusive, non-transferable right to use any materials derived from the Work, including examples, 
text excerpts, line art, slides, transparencies, and the cover for use in courses and seminars taught directly by You or 
directly supervised by You. 
2. DELIVERY OF MANUSCRIPT AND SCHEDULES. On or before  February 28, 2026, You’ll deliver to Us the first 
three chapters of the Work. At the present time the Work is anticipated to be  Two Hundred Fifty  manuscript pages 
(250) in the Apress Word template or equivalent and be finished on  June 10, 2026, You’ll be responsible for writing 
all chapters of the Work and for providing any necessary imagery (screenshots, charts, tables, illustrations) in final, 
publishable quality. 
You’ll also deliver all source code for the Work in a form suitable for downloading, and any other materials specified 
in Appendix A or elsewhere in this Agreement.  
We will prepare the index and table of contents; in which case You agree to review it and deliver Your comments on 
it to Us within three days of receiving it from Us. 
3. CONFORMING TO SCHEDULE. If You are unable to meet a deadline in the schedule that We agree to after the 
acceptance of the first three chapters of Your Work You will notify Us in advance. If You fall more than four weeks 
behind any deadline in Your schedule, and We, in Our sole di scretion, have not agreed in writing to extend Your 
deadline, We may exercise the rights described in Section 4(1) or 4(2) of this Agreement, at our option.  
4. ACCEPTANCE OR REJECTION OF MANUSCRIPT. Upon Our receipt of the first three chapters of Your manuscript, 
We will inform You if the se chapters are satisfactory to Us in form or content. If not satisfactory to Us in form or 
content, or if the content does not conform with any outline or description attached to this Agreement, or if market 
conditions have changed so significantly that in Our sole judgment Your Work is not commercially viable We may, 
at Our discretion, accept the chapters and/or the entire manuscript, reject the chapters and/or the entire manuscript, or 
specify in writing what We need for You to do in order to make the manuscript acceptable to Us.  
If You fail to deliver the complete manuscript within 45 days after the specified delivery date and despite having 
received at least two reminders, or, if You fail to make satisfactory revisions to the manuscript within 30 days after 
the date We agreed upon with You for when such revisions were due, We may terminate this Agreement. If We 
reject Your Work for any reasons other than the quality of the submission or because You have breached any 
representations or warranties in this Agreement, You may keep any monies advanced or granted to You.  
Docusign Envelope ID: 11FD34FD-DB15-4E5C-B013-9200D94B83F8
 
 
 
1 New York Plaza, New York, NY 10004 | www.apress.com   Page 2 of 8 
The options provided under this section of the Agreement are subject to Our sole discretion only, and shall be effective 
upon Our written notification to You. 
5. PERMISSIONS. You agree to obtain and, if necessary, pay for any permissions necessary for the use of materials 
copyrighted or otherwise owned by Others that You wish to reproduce in Your Work. Permissions must be acceptable 
to Us, and must be obtained in writing. You must provide Us with copies of all permissions when You deliver Your 
completed manuscript to Us. 
6. PUBLICATION. We agree to publish Your Work not later than six months from the time that We notify You that 
We have accepted your final manuscript. If We accept the manuscript yet fail to publish the Work within six months 
of acceptance, You may notify us of this and request for Us to remedy this. If within three months of you notifying 
Us we still have failed to publish the Work, You may terminate this Agreement by notice to Us . All rights granted to 
Us in this Agreement shall revert to You, and You may keep any money We paid You under this Agreement. Keeping 
that money shall be Your only remedy for Our failure to publish the Work. If We accept Your manuscript and delay 
publication because of delays: by third parties in the release of the software or hardware product that is the subject of 
the Work, in the actualization of an event that may substantially improve the Work’s chances of success, or in instances 
of Force Majeure, such delays will not be counted towards the six-month period described in this section. 
7. ROYALTIES. 
a) For sales directly attributed to the Work through direct, bulk, aggregator, or normal resale channels 
We will pay You royalties as a percentage of the net receipts that We receive except that We will 
not pay You royalties on a sale where We sell the print version of the  Work at a discount of sixty 
percent (60%) or greater from its list price. The royalty rate shall be as follows:  
▪ ten (10) percent of Our net receipts received on the first 2,000 copies of the Work sold; 
▪ twelve (12) percent of Our net receipts received on copies sold between 2,001 and 3,000; 
▪ fifteen (15) percent of Our net receipts received on all copies sold thereafter. 
b) No more than 60 days after publication of the Work including the source code specified in Section 2 of this 
Agreement, you will receive a one-time unrecoverable payment of Seven Hundred and Fifty dollars ($750) 
for the inclusion of all or part of the Work in Our subscription packages. 
 
  
Docusign Envelope ID: 11FD34FD-DB15-4E5C-B013-9200D94B83F8
 
 
 
1 New York Plaza, New York, NY 10004 | www.apress.com   Page 3 of 8 
c) For any rights pertaining to this work that We license, We will pay You a royalty of twenty-seven 
and one half (27.50) percent of our net receipts. 
d) Print copies sold at a discount of sixty (60) percent, or more generally, any copies on which monies 
are paid according to Sections 7 b) or c) above, or copies sent for review or used for publicity will 
not count towards determining the totals used in Section 7a).  
e) For any new edition of the Work, sales of previous editions of the Work will not count towards 
determining the totals used in Section 7a). 
f) If You receive any overpayment of royalties from Us, due to returns from bookstores, dealers, or 
other distributors, or because of Our error, We may retain an equal amount from any monies We 
owe You until We have recovered the overpayment.  
g) We may set up a reserve from royalties otherwise payable to You in a specific accounting period 
against returns of copies of the Work. If We do, We may hold a percentage of the royalties otherwise 
due You in reserve for six (6) accounting periods following that specific period. The reserve held in 
that specific accounting period will not exceed twenty-five (25)  percent of the product of Your 
applicable royalty rate times the sales for the Work in that specific period.  
h) We may bundle the Work for sale with other products. In such case the royalty due You shall be the 
highest royalty rate applicable to the format of the Work (print, electronic etc.) in effect in the quarter 
when the sales of the bundle were made, multiplied by Our net receipts received for the bundle, 
multiplied by a percentage derived from dividing the list price of Your Work by the sum of the list 
prices of all the products in the bundle. 
i) In the event there is a use of this Work that is not covered by any clause in this Section 7, we will 
determine, in our sole discretion, the appropriate royalty for the use of the Work most in keeping 
with the intent of this Section 7. 
 
8. ACCOUNTING AND PAYMENT. Our accounting periods close on March 31, June 30, September 30, and 
December 31. After first publication of Your Work, We will report to You within 90 days after the close of 
each period the total sales including monies received for subsidiary rights sal es for that period. We will pay 
You all monies due to You under this Agreement within 90 days after the close of each accounting peri od; 
provided, however, that We will not be required to issue payment to You unless and until You are due a 
minimum of $100.00.  
9. NON-COMPETITION. During the term of this Agreement, You agree to not publish or furnish to any other 
publisher any Work that is on the exact same subject and that targets the exact same market and that could hurt sales 
of the Work. No original article that You write on the same topic as the Work that is not part of a published Work, or 
any previously existing Work that You have written and has been commercially published, including a revision and/or 
update thereof, whether in printed format or electronic format will be considered competing works under this Section 
nor will articles based on the Work provided they are consistent with the provisions outlined in Section 1 of this 
Agreement. Videos are not considered competing works under this clause. 
10. COPYRIGHT AND AUTHORSHIP CREDIT. We shall place a copyright notice in Your name in all copies of the 
Work and will request that licensees do the same. You’ll receive authorship credit as follows: Zhiping XU. 
We reserve ownership of all of  Our and Our affiliates trademarks, logos, trade names, colophons and any items 
prepared at Our expense such as the cover, interior art and index. 
11. WARRANTY AND INDEMNITY. 
(1) You warrant and represent to Us, and to third parties to or through whom We sell or license rights in 
the Work: 
a) That You are the sole author of the Work and own all rights granted under this Agreement;  
b) That the Work is original (except for materials for which You have obtained permissions as 
Section 5 requires) but has been previously published and that You are free to grant all the rights 
described in Section 1.  
c) That the Work does not infringe any other entity or person’s copyrights or other property rights, 
nor does it violate the rights of privacy of, or libel, other persons or entities. 
Docusign Envelope ID: 11FD34FD-DB15-4E5C-B013-9200D94B83F8
 
 
 
1 New York Plaza, New York, NY 10004 | www.apress.com   Page 4 of 8 
d) You have full power and authority to enter into this Agreement; 
e) You have not prepared the Work as a part of your official duties as an officer or employee of the 
United States Government or as a work-made-for-hire for the United States Government; 
f) No third party is entitled to compensation with regard to the rights assigned under this 
Agreement; 
g) You have not granted or assigned any rights in the Work to any other person or entity;  
h) The Work does not contain any obscene, indecent or scandalous material;  
i) To the best of Your knowledge, no formula, procedure or prescription contained in the Work 
would cause injury, damage or harm to persons or property if used or followed in accordance 
with the instructions or warnings contained in the Work. 
(2) You make no representations or warranties and shall have no obligation to indemnify Us with respect 
to materials inserted in the Work at Our request. 
(3) You agree to indemnify Us, Our affiliates and representatives (together “Indemnified Parties”)  for all 
costs, expenses and liabilities (including reasonable attorney’s fees) arising from a judgment or 
settlement of a legal proceeding based on a breach of the representations, warranties and indemnities 
in this Agreement. You’ll pay the Indemnified Parties the reasonable costs and attorney’s fees the 
Indemnified Parties incur in its defense.  We may withhold and place in an escrow account all monie s 
payable to You under Section 8, up to the amount of the damages claimed. 
12. ARTISTIC CONTROL. 
(1) In cooperation with You, We will determine the title and subtitle of your Work. You will be sent a proof 
of the Work’s front and back cover for you to review, prior to these covers being finalized. If You and 
We don’t agree after You and We consult about any of these decisions, We’ll make the final decision, 
based on Our experience as publisher and the investment We’re making in the Work.  
(2) After copyediting the Work,  We’ll provide You with proofs, which You’ll promptly review and return 
to Us within the time We specify. If You don’t return proofs to Us within the schedule, We may proceed 
without Your corrections.  
13. AUTHOR COPIES. You’ll receive 5 free copies of the Work, after which You’ll have the right to purchase 
additional copies for personal use but not for resale, as well as other books published by Us under the Apress imprint, 
also for personal use but not for resale, at a forty (40) percent discount from the list price. However on these copies 
no royalties will be paid to You.  
14. REPRINTS, REVISIONS AND NEW EDITIONS. 
(1) You explicitly agree that You’ll promptly make every effort to provide Us with corrections to any errata 
discovered by You, reported to You, or reported to Us after the publication of the Work for as long as 
the Work remains in print. If You are writing th is Work based on a beta version of a software product, 
then You explicitly agree to provide Us with updates that We may disseminate electronically to bring 
the Work up to date for the first released version of the software.  Based on Our sole business judgment 
We may publish corrected reprints from time to time based on the errata You submit as well as any errors 
that may be reported to Us directly. Such corrected reprints will not constitute a “new edition” for the 
purposes of Section 7. 
(2) If We determine a new successor edition of the Work is necessary (whereby new edition We mean a 
Work that will be published under a different ISBN number and be announced and promoted  to the 
market as a new edition), w e will request that Yo u prepare the successor edition. When We wish to 
initiate a new successor edition of the Work, and we have made at least three attempts to contact You 
using the contact information we have on file for You, over a period of at least 60 days, without receiving 
a response from You, We are free to pursue and publish a new edition of the Work, updated by another 
author. If You agree to write the successor edition, but fall (60) or more days behind on the schedule set 
forth by Us, or the manuscript for the revised Work that You submit to Us is, in Our sole discretion, not 
acceptable, We may have the Work revised by a nother author or authors. In this event, We may, at Our 
sole discretion, add the name of the revisor or revisors as additional authors. We retain the right to 
continue to use Your name as one of the authors of the revised Work.  You shall receive 50% of the 
Docusign Envelope ID: 11FD34FD-DB15-4E5C-B013-9200D94B83F8
 
 
 
1 New York Plaza, New York, NY 10004 | www.apress.com   Page 5 of 8 
financial consideration stipulated in Section 7 “Royalties” (if any) for the first following edition but shall 
have no right or claim from any further subsequent editions of the Work. 
15. DERIVATIVE WORKS. We shall have the right to use all or part of the Work in derivative works published by 
Us (“Derivative Works”) in Our sole discretion. If We include all or part of the Work in a Derivative Work, You will 
receive a pro-rata share of the total royalties pa id for that Derivative Work in the proportion that the material of the 
Work used in the Derivative Work bears to the entire Derivative Work. If You so choose, You shall receive an 
authorship credit of the Derivative Work, and the copyright notice will ref lect the derivative nature of the Derivative 
Work. 
16. SUCCESSORS AND ASSIGNS. This Agreement may not be assigned by either party without the written consent 
of the other, except that You may assign payments due You as long as You provide Us with written notice of the 
assignment, and We may assign this Agreement as part of Our sale or merger or sale of all or substantially all of Our 
assets. If assigned, this Agreement shall bind the parties and their respective heirs, administrators, successors, and 
assigns. 
17. INFRINGEMENT. You and We shall have the right to make a claim or sue jointly for the infringement of the 
rights granted under this Agreement to Us and, after deducting the expenses of making the claim and, if it occurs, 
bringing and conducting the legal proceeding, to share equally in any recovery. If either party chooses not to join in 
the claim or legal proceeding, the other party may proceed at its own expense, and, after that party deducts all the 
expenses of making the claim and bringing the legal proceeding, any recovery shall be shared in proportion to the 
current period’s royalty rate. We will have no liability to You for failing to pursue any potential claim. 
18. TERMINATION FOR BREACH OF AGREEMENT.  
(1) You’ll have the right to terminate this Agreement except for agreements on subsidiary rights already 
made by written notice if:  
a) The Work is not available for sale and We fail to place it available for sale again within 90 days of 
notice, excepting instances of Force Majeure, after We receive notice from You that the Work is not 
available for sale along with Your request that We reprint the Work. “Force Majeure” means either 
party’s failure to perform any term or condition of this Agreement as a result of conditions beyond 
its control such as, but not limited to, war, strikes, fires, floods, governmental restrictions, power 
failures, labor disputes  or damage or destruction of any network facilities or servers, or failure of 
any third party  to perform any agreement with Us which adversely affects Our ability to perform 
Our obligations under this Agreement.  
b) We fail to provide a statement of account or make any payment, as Section 9 requires, within 30 
days after the statement or payment is due and then fail to correct the failure within 30 days of 
receipt of written notice from You sent to Us. 
(2) We’ll have the right to terminate this Agreement:  
a) If you materially breach this Agreement and do not correct the breach within 60 days of your receipt 
of Our written notice to you. 
b) As stated in Section 4(1). 
c) If market conditions have changed so substantially that publication of your book would no longer 
be commercially viable. 
(3) To the extent permitted by law, either of Us may terminate this Agreement in the event of the other’s 
insolvency, bankruptcy, or assignment of assets for the benefit of creditors.  
 
If You or We terminate the Agreement under this Section, We’ll revert all rights in the Work to You except 
for subsidiary rights already sold or licensed. 
 
19. PROMOTION. We’ll promote the Work, using Our reasonable judgment about the methods and channels of 
promotion. You consent to Our use of Your name, portrait, picture, and/or likeness for promotion and advertising of 
the Work, provided that use is dignified and consistent with Your reputation. You’ll assist in the promotion of the 
Work, furnishing Us w ith leads or ideas for promotion as appropriate. At Our discretion We may assist You in 
Docusign Envelope ID: 11FD34FD-DB15-4E5C-B013-9200D94B83F8
 
 
 
1 New York Plaza, New York, NY 10004 | www.apress.com   Page 6 of 8 
promoting the Work through Your own promotional channels, such as Your Web site, third party contacts, or 
conferences or user’s groups which You attend or to which You belong.  
20. ARBITRATION. Any dispute of any kind between You and Us arising out of or relating to this Agreement, its 
performance or the Work shall be submitted to binding arbitration before a single neutral arbitrator knowledgeable 
about the book publishing and computer software industries. The arbitration shall be conducted under the Commercial 
Dispute Resolution Rules then in effect of the American Arbitration Association (“AAA Rules”) and, where not 
inconsistent with the AAA Rules, New York state law. Proceedings shall be condu cted expeditiously and 
economically, and the arbitrator shall administer the proceedings with an eye to minimizing their cost consistent with 
a fair and informed resolution on the merits. The arbitrator shall award the prevailing party its reasonable attor neys’ 
fees and costs (including but not limited to the portion of the arbitrator’s and the AAA’s fees and costs advanced or 
owed by the prevailing party) if and only if it finds the non -prevailing party’s position was without substantial 
justification; oth erwise the parties shall bear their own attorneys’ fees and costs incurred in connection with the 
proceeding. Without detracting from the mandatory obligation to submit to binding arbitration provided herein, any 
court proceedings arising out of or relating to any dispute within the scope of this paragraph (including but not limited 
to seeking interim relief permitted by New York  state law, an order compelling arbitration and/or an order confirming, 
vacating or modifying any arbitration award) shall be brought in the New York State Unified  Court System, and each 
party agrees to be subject to the personal jurisdiction of those courts and that they are and will be proper venues.  
21. NOTICE. Where notice is required under this Agreement, it must be given in writing by use of certified mail, 
return receipt requested, or receipted courier service, sent to the addresses stated in this Agreement, and shall be 
deemed received ten days after mailing. The addresses for notice may be changed by giving written notice of the new 
address to the other party.  
22. ENTIRE AGREEMENT AND MODIFICATIONS. This Agreement represents the entire agreement between the 
parties. All modifications of this Agreement must be in writing and signed by both parties.  
23. WAIVERS AND DEFAULTS. Any waiver of a breach or default under this Agreement shall not be deemed a 
waiver of any other breach or default. 
24. GOVERNING LAW. This Agreement shall be governed by the laws of New York that apply to contracts made 
and to be performed in that state. 
25. MISCELLANEOUS. Sections 11, 16, 20, 21, 22, 23, 24, and 25 shall survive the expiration or termination of this 
Agreement.  Headings are for reference only and shall not be considered in the interpretation of this Agreement.  The 
unenforceability of any provision of this Agreement shall not affect the enforceability of any other provision, and this 
Agreement shall be interpreted without reference to  that unenforceable provision. This Agreement may be signed in 
counterparts and by facsimile transmission.  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Docusign Envelope ID: 11FD34FD-DB15-4E5C-B013-9200D94B83F8
 
 
 
1 New York Plaza, New York, NY 10004 | www.apress.com   Page 7 of 8 
 
 
 
Zhiping XU 
Author 
X
 
Email Address: zpxu@fudan.edu.cn 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Welmoed Spahr 
For Apress 
 
 
X
 
 
 
Docusign Envelope ID: 11FD34FD-DB15-4E5C-B013-9200D94B83F8

 
 
 
1 New York Plaza, New York, NY 10004 | www.apress.com   Page 8 of 8 
APPENDIX A: TENTATIVE DESCRIPTION 
 
The Handbook of Sora Prompting 
 
Table of Contents 
Chapter 1 – Enter Sora2: Turning Language into Moving Images 
Chapter 2 – Getting Started: Accounts, Interface, and Creative Setup 
Chapter 3 – Writing Your First Prompt: From Text to Video 
Chapter 4 – The Power of Cameos: Bringing People into Your Story 
Chapter 5 – Storytelling in Seconds: Designing Short Scenes 
Chapter 6 – Cinematic Language: Cameras, Movement, and Color 
Chapter 7 – Building Multi-Shot Storyboards: From Idea to Sequence 
Chapter 8 – Refining and Polishing: Directing Through Iteration 
Chapter 9 – Publishing, Ethics, and the Future of AI Filmmaking 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Docusign Envelope ID: 11FD34FD-DB15-4E5C-B013-9200D94B83F8
Certificate Of Completion
Envelope Id: 11FD34FD-DB15-4E5C-B013-9200D94B83F8
Status: Completed
Subject: Contract for Book: The Handbook of Sora 2 Prompting
Edition ID: 
Source Envelope: 
Document Pages: 8
Signatures: 2
Envelope Originator: 
Certificate Pages: 2
Initials: 0
Flux Automation User
AutoNav: Enabled
EnvelopeId Stamping: Enabled
Time Zone: (UTC-08:00) Pacific Time (US & Canada)
MRPA/IT Procurement 0950
Heidelberger Platz 3
Berlin, Germany  14197
flux_docusign@springernature.com
IP Address: 35.204.153.224 
Record Tracking
Status: Original
             12/5/2025 1:03:37 AM
Holder: Flux Automation User
             flux_docusign@springernature.com
Location: DocuSign
Signer Events
Signature
Timestamp
Welmoed Spahr
welmoed.spahr@springer.com
Security Level: 
      .None
      ID: a552fec4-e352-4aed-95b6-a06dadebfd7d
      12/10/2025 6:27:41 AM
Signature Adoption: Pre-selected Style
Using IP Address: 108.6.143.139
Sent: 12/5/2025 1:03:38 AM
Viewed: 12/10/2025 6:27:45 AM 
Signed: 12/10/2025 6:28:10 AM
Freeform Signing
Electronic Record and Signature Disclosure: 
      Not Offered via Docusign
Zhiping XU
zpxu@fudan.edu.cn
Security Level: 
      .None
      ID: 6423618a-8ece-43c3-ad36-03b0f663eab6
      12/6/2025 6:57:16 PM
Signature Adoption: Pre-selected Style
Using IP Address: 212.15.86.156
Sent: 12/5/2025 1:03:38 AM
Viewed: 12/6/2025 6:57:32 PM 
Signed: 12/6/2025 6:58:51 PM
Freeform Signing
Electronic Record and Signature Disclosure: 
      Not Offered via Docusign
In Person Signer Events
Signature
Timestamp
Editor Delivery Events
Status
Timestamp
Agent Delivery Events
Status
Timestamp
Intermediary Delivery Events
Status
Timestamp
Certified Delivery Events
Status
Timestamp
Carbon Copy Events
Status
Timestamp
Witness Events
Signature
Timestamp
Notary Events
Signature
Timestamp
Envelope Summary Events
Status
Timestamps
Envelope Sent
Hashed/Encrypted
12/5/2025 1:03:38 AM

Envelope Summary Events
Status
Timestamps
Certified Delivered
Security Checked
12/6/2025 6:57:32 PM
Signing Complete
Security Checked
12/6/2025 6:58:51 PM
Completed
Security Checked
12/10/2025 6:28:10 AM
Payment Events
Status
Timestamps


